IMPLEMENTATION.md, before:

# Folder Structure Implementation Summary

### Folder Structure Created 
Successfully created a professional, scalable folder structure for the Mutawifnesia website with the following main directories:

- `src/assets/` - Fonts, icons, and images
- `src/components/` - Common, layout, and feature components
- `src/pages/` - Route-level page components
- `src/hooks/` - Custom React hooks
- `src/services/` - API and external services
- `src/utils/` - Helper functions and constants
- `src/context/` - Global state management
- `src/styles/` - Global CSS and variables
- `src/routes/` - Route configuration
- `public/images/` & `public/locales/` - Static assets

## File Structure Overview

```
frontend/
├── public/
│   ├── images/
│   ├── locales/
│   ├── favicon.svg
│   └── robots.txt
│
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   │   ├── fonts/
│   │   ├── icons/
│   │   │   └── logo.svg
│   │   └── images/
│   │
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── common/ (Button, Card, Input, Modal)
│   │   ├── layout/ (Header, Footer, Navbar, Sidebar)
│   │   ├── features/ (booking, destinations, gallery)
│   │   └── README.md
│   │
│   ├── pages/
│   │   ├── Home/ 
│   │   ├── About/
│   │   ├── Contact/
│   │   ├── Obligation/
│   │   └── NotFound/
│   │
│   ├── hooks/
│   ├── services/
│   │   └── api.js
│   ├── utils/
│   │   ├── constants.js
│   │   └── helpers.js
│   ├── context/
│   ├── styles/
│   │   ├── index.css
│   │   ├── App.css
│   │   └── variables.css
│   ├── routes/
│   ├── App.jsx 
│   └── index.jsx 
│
├── .env.example
├── plan.md
├── STRUCTURE.md
├── IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md (this file)
└── package.json
```

## Current App Structure

The main App.jsx now uses:
- Header component (layout)
- Home page component
- Footer component (layout)

1. **Install React Router**
   ```bash
   npm install react-router-dom
   ```

2. **Set up Routing**
   - Configure routes in `src/routes/index.jsx`
   - Add navigation to Header/Navbar

3. **State Management**
   - Set up Context providers
   - Add AuthContext
   - Add BookingContext

### Using CSS Variables
All design tokens are in [src/styles/variables.css](src/styles/variables.css):
```css
color: var(--primary-color);
padding: var(--spacing-md);
font-size: var(--font-size-lg);
```

## Best Practices

1. **Keep components small and focused** - Each component should have a single responsibility
2. **Use barrel exports** - Export components through index.js files
3. **Colocate related files** - Keep component, styles, and tests together
4. **Use CSS variables** - Define colors, spacing, etc. in variables.css
5. **Separate concerns** - Business logic in services, UI logic in components
6. **Absolute imports** - Consider configuring path aliases in vite.config.js

Commit message:

feat(home): implement home page feature

IMPLEMENTATION.md, after:

# Folder Structure Implementation Summary

### Folder Structure Created 
Successfully created a professional, scalable folder structure for the Mutawifnesia website with the following main directories:

- `src/assets/` - Fonts, icons, and images
- `src/components/` - Common, layout, and feature components
- `src/pages/` - Route-level page components
- `src/hooks/` - Custom React hooks
- `src/services/` - API and external services
- `src/utils/` - Helper functions and constants
- `src/context/` - Global state management
- `src/styles/` - Global CSS and variables
- `src/routes/` - Route configuration
- `public/images/` & `public/locales/` - Static assets

## File Structure Overview

```
frontend/
├── public/
│   ├── images/
│   ├── locales/
│   ├── favicon.svg
│   └── robots.txt
│
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   │   ├── fonts/
│   │   ├── icons/
│   │   │   └── logo.svg
│   │   └── images/
│   │
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── common/ (Button, Card, Input, Modal)
│   │   ├── layout/ (Header, Footer, Navbar, Sidebar)
│   │   ├── features/ (booking, destinations, gallery)
│   │   └── README.md
│   │
│   ├── pages/
│   │   ├── Home/ 
│   │   ├── About/
│   │   ├── Contact/
│   │   ├── Obligation/
│   │   └── NotFound/
│   │
│   ├── hooks/
│   ├── services/
│   │   └── api.js
│   ├── utils/
│   │   ├── constants.js
│   │   └── helpers.js
│   ├── context/
│   ├── styles/
│   │   ├── index.css
│   │   ├── App.css
│   │   └── variables.css
│   ├── routes/
│   ├── App.jsx 
│   └── index.jsx 
│
├── .env.example
├── plan.md
├── STRUCTURE.md
├── IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md (this file)
└── package.json
```

## Current App Structure

The main App.jsx now uses:
- Header component (layout)
- Home page component
- Footer component (layout)

1. **Install React Router**
   ```bash
   npm install react-router-dom
   ```

2. **Set up Routing**
   - Configure routes in `src/routes/index.jsx`
   - Add navigation to Header/Navbar

3. **State Management**
   - Set up Context providers
   - Add AuthContext
   - Add BookingContext

### Using CSS Variables
All design tokens are in [src/styles/variables.css](src/styles/variables.css):
```css
color: var(--primary-color);
padding: var(--spacing-md);
font-size: var(--font-size-lg);
```

## Header Implementation

### Completed
- ✅ Implemented header design from Figma (node-id: 2404:4103)
- ✅ Updated brand colors to match design:
  - Primary Red: `#BC1F22`
  - Secondary Gold: `#E4BD49`
- ✅ Downloaded and integrated logo image
- ✅ Updated navigation structure (Home, About, Obligasi)
- ✅ Added "Gabung Sekarang" CTA button
- ✅ Responsive design for mobile devices

### Custom Font - "Playfair Display"
Using **Playfair Display** from Google Fonts as an elegant alternative to the Figma design font.

**Implementation completed:**
- ✅ Added Google Fonts link to `index.html`
- ✅ Updated CSS variables to use Playfair Display
- ✅ Applied to all text elements in the header

Playfair Display is a serif font that provides an elegant, classic look similar to The Seasons font used in the original design.

## Best Practices

1. **Keep components small and focused** - Each component should have a single responsibility
2. **Use barrel exports** - Export components through index.js files
3. **Colocate related files** - Keep component, styles, and tests together
4. **Use CSS variables** - Define colors, spacing, etc. in variables.css
5. **Separate concerns** - Business logic in services, UI logic in components
6. **Absolute imports** - Consider configuring path aliases in vite.config.js
